NOJIRA - add more details about statementVisibility (#1472)
hmrc/accessibility-statement-frontend: README.md

> If you are a service that requires a custom template like VOA or C-HGV, please include the property `statementType` and set the value
> to either `VOA` or `C-HGV`. **If you are not one of those services, or a mobile app, you do not need to include this property.** 
> 
> `statementVisibility` controls if the statement should be visible only on test environments or on production too.
> Set value to `draft` if you are testing the statement and you don't want it to be visible on production or choose option
> `public` to make the statement visible on production environment.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`statementVisibility` controls if the statement should be visible only on test environments or on production too.
Set value to `draft` when you are first creating your statement and you don't want it to be visible in production yet.
When you are ready to publish the statement, change it to `public` to make the statement visible in the production environment.

> [!WARNING]
> Do not change your statementVisibility back to draft after making it public when making future changes, this will cause your statement to become hidden in production

```
